Regarding wildlife, and this is what's really, really interesting, quite a few years back,
this is when the marina was still there and there were two black gillimots that were in
the marina.
You'd see them quite a lot.
Black gillimots are quite distinct, little tiny little black and white birds with little
orange feet.
So really quite distinct.
And every day you'd see one black gillimot or two black gillimots.
It became normal, just normal.
And then one time I happened to be up in the light at the RSPB, the old RSPB centre, and
I was talking to them about the black gillimots in the holly head.
And they were like, there are no black gillimots in the holly head.
We're quite far south, we'll get black gillimots.
And they were like, there are no black gillimots.
Yes, there are two.
No, no, no, there aren't.
Yes, yes, yes, there are two.
No, no, no.
Anyway, okay, not a problem, but if you get down at any point to have a look at the marina,
chances are you'll probably see a black gillimot.
I don't know if this is following on from that or it was just something else insignificant,
I don't know.
But then, what's the long afterwards, you'll see somebody with a big kind of herobinocleus
or something looking out.
But yes, a little things like the black gillimots.
It is quite key, like the terns.
This year, there's about a thousand extra terns that are at the Scaries, the islands
just north of holly head.
And it's the most southerly population of nesting terns.
I think it's a really unique place.
For a port that people think of as noise and pollution and horribleness, it's not.
It's raw and it's beautiful.
Everything is managed really, really well.
And we've got some fantastic, fantastic things happening out there.
And there are more gannets.
And at one point, I thought maybe, and then there are people thinking maybe there was
a gannet tree starting on Middlemouse, one of those islands on the East Coast.
So I think wildlife is really key in that port town.
Again, if you just crossed from Ireland or crossing from a holly head, you'd never think
what a little gem, what a little hidden treasure, what a jewel it was.